SUBJECTTAG Management, Operation, Professional, and Technical Support Services for NIAID Animal Care Facilities
The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), National Institutes of Health (NIH), of the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) supports research related to the basic understanding of microbiology and immunology leading to the development of vaccines, therapeutics, and medical diagnostics for the prevention, treatment, and diagnosis of infectious and immune-mediated diseases. The NIAID, Division of Intramural Research (DIR) has a requirement for continuous high-quality animal care and program support.
<p>Description</p>
<p>The Contractor shall provide a wide range of professional, technical and support services to the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) Division of Intramural Research (DIR) animal care program required for the proper care, use, and humane treatment of laboratory animals, and provide a wide range of technical skills required for the scientific study and manipulation of animals and animal products. Functions include: veterinary medical care, animal care, technical support, data management, cost accounting, cage and environmental sanitation, routine maintenance of animal care equipment and supplies, transportation, logistical, clerical and administrative support. Services will be provided on location at various NIAID and other Government facilities. Support will be provided to animal projects involving a full range of biomedical research and scientific disciplines with animal species that may include: mice, rats, cotton rats, hamsters, guinea pigs, gerbils, rabbits, nonhuman primates, ferrets, chickens, frogs, mastomys, swine, goats, sheep, bats, and other vertebrates and invertebrates.</p>
<p>The Government estimates that the size and scope of this requirement will require approximately 226 full time employees. Employees working on this requirement will be required to meet the minimum mandatory qualifications as they will be described in the solicitation. Proposals will be evaluated for Corporate Resources and Personnel, Corporate Experience, and Technical Approach and Capability<br />Any responsible offeror may submit a proposal which will be considered by the Agency. This RFP will be available electronically on/about November 17, 2017, and may be accessed through FedBizOpps http://www.fedbizopps.gov/. This notice does not commit the Government to award a contract. No collect calls will be accepted. No facsimile transmissions will be accepted.</p>
<p>For this solicitation, the NIAID requires proposals to be submitted via the NIAID electronic Contract Proposal Submission (eCPS) website. Submission of proposals by facsimile or e-mail is not acceptable.</p>
<p>For directions on using eCPS, go to the website https://ecps.nih.gov and then click on "How to Submit."Duration of contract:</p>
<p>It is anticipated that one (1) negotiated, hybrid Cost -Reimbursement and Fixed-Price type award will be made from the solicitation resulting from this notice.</p>
<p>The base award period will consist of 12 Months with the option to exercise up to Five (4), one year options extending the contract term for a maximum period of performance of five (5) years. The contract will also include one 1 option to extend services for six (s) months after the five-year term.</p>
<p>The Anticipated award date: February 1, 2018.</p>
<p>Any responsible offeror may submit a proposal which will be considered by the Agency</p>SUBJECTTAG USAC Request for Proposal: Benefits Broker Services
<div>At the request of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Office of Managing Director (OMD), and to ensure wide exposure of the Universal Service Administrative Company's (USAC) solicitations, the FCC is alerting the public that USAC has posted on its website, a Request for Proposal (RFP) to provide benefit broker services.&nbsp; The RFP is available electronically at http://www.usac.org/about/tools/procurement. The closing date for proposals is December 6, 2017 at 11:00 AM Eastern Time.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation issued in accordance with Part 13 of Title 48 of the Code of Federal Regulations (known as the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR)). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; no separate written solicitation will be issued. The solicitation number is HR-17-165. Proposals are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. No additional notification will be issued by the FCC. ALL COMMUNICATIONS IN REFERENCE TO THESE OPPORTUNITIES SHALL BE THROUGH USAC'S Contracting Office. The RFP describes the services requested and provides instructions on how to respond.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>BACKGROUND: USAC is a not-for-profit Delaware corporation. The FCC has appointed USAC as the permanent administrator of the Universal Service Fund (USF) and the universal service support mechanisms (Support Mechanisms): High Cost (HC), Lifeline (LI), Rural Health Care (RHC) and Schools &amp; Libraries (SL) as set forth in Title 47, Part 54, Section 701 of the Code of Federal Regulations. As part of its administrative function, USAC performs, subject to FCC oversight, the billing, collection, and disbursement functions associated with the USF and the Support Mechanisms. Additional information concerning USAC and its administration of the USF and Support Mechanisms can be obtained from USAC's website located at: www.usac.org.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>USAC requires the assistance of a qualified employee benefits Contractor to: (1) promptly learn and understand the existing benefits programs offered to USAC employees in 2015; (2) administer and support USAC benefits programs; (3) compare benefits programs with current industry offerings, including comparison of terms, prices and scope of coverage for other providers; (4) make recommendations regarding changes to existing benefits programs; and (5) conduct annual procurements for benefits programs for the succeeding calendar year.&nbsp; This Request for Proposals (RFP) describes the services and support being requested and provides instructions on how to respond.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>THIS IS NOT A PROCUREMENT BY A FEDERAL AGENCY, GOVERNMENT CORPORATION, GOVERNMENT CONTROLLED CORPORATION OR OTHER ESTABLISHMENT IN THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. THE CONTRACT AWARDED AS A RESULT OF THIS RFP WILL NOT BE A SUBCONTRACT UNDER A FEDERAL PRIME CONTRACT TO USAC.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Complete responses to this RFP must be submitted to Mr. Hameed Khairkhway, USAC Contracting Office, no later than the date and time set forth in the RFP. Responses must be submitted by e-mail (rfp@usac.org).</div>SUBJECTTAG R--Interconnected Factors that Influence Health, Experiences and Needs (IF THEN) Survey of 10,000 vets
This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as a Request for Quote and supplemented with additional information included in this notice. The solicitation number is VA268-16-Q-0125. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC FAC 2005-95. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541611.  

The attached solicitation document contains all line item numbers, quantities, units of measure, descriptions of requirements for the items to be acquired, dates and places of delivery, along with other applicable specifications.  This solicitation requires registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award, pursuant to applicable regulations and guidelines.  Registration information can be found at www.sam.gov.

The selected offeror must comply with commercial item terms, conditions and provisions, which are incorporated in the attached solicitation document.  The full text of the referenced FAR clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far/.  In addition, the offeror must review and acknowledge the attached solicitation document, item details, delivery schedule, and all other requirements, and agree to all terms and conditions set forth in the solicitation document.  Quotes will be evaluated using Best Value procedures.

Any questions pertaining to this solicitation must be submitted in writing to Contracting Officer @ elaine.dibucci@va.gov by 4:00 PM ET Wednesday, November 29, 2017 and will be addressed via an amendment to the solicitation. All quotes shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer by email at elaine.dibucci@va.gov by 4:00 PM ET by Wednesday, December 6, 2017.

No hardcopy proposals will be accepted, and late offers will not be accepted.  Offeror must submit a cost proposal as a separate document.    Offeror shall provide a narrative to address each item and must Offerors must present clear evidence of ability to meet or exceed all requirements of this acquisition.

Offeror must submit: 
1.  Form 1449, including a completed cost sheet 
2.  A narrative addressing the processes identified in the Statement of Work, presenting clear evidence of the ability of the vendor to meet the tasks contained in this solicitation. (details to follow)
3.  Past Performance information (details to follow)
4.  Socio-Economic Status - The Offeror shall provide the Socio-economic status of prime contractor and sub-contractor.
5.  Offeror must clearly identify their DUNS# on their proposal.
6.  Total Proposal submission shall not exceed 25 pages.

Evaluation:
The evaluation of offers received in response to the solicitation will use a tiered or cascading order of precedence.   Tiered evaluation of offers,  also known as  cascading evaluation of offers,  is a procedure used in negotiated acquisitions when market research is inconclusive for justifying limiting competition to small business concerns or sub-categories of small business concerns.  The contracting officer 
(1) Solicits offers from both small and other than small business concerns that will be evaluated in the following tier order:
(a) service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB);
(b) veteran-owned small business (VOSB);
(c) all other small business concerns;
(d) other than small business.

(2) If an award or a sufficient number of awards cannot be made at the first tier, evaluation of offers will proceed at the next lower tier until an award or a sufficient number of awards can be made.
Evaluation will be based on Technical, Past Performance and Cost Factors.  Technical and past performances, when combined, are more important than Cost.  Commercial Items applies to this requirement. The Government will award a firm fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer, conforming to the solicitation; will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Price Technical and Past Performance. All evaluation factors other than cost or price, when combined, are more important than cost or price. Evaluation will be performed as follows:
Evaluation Factors            
Proposal Submission 
The Offeror s quote shall be evaluated for its detailed discussion and Offeror s approach to proposed solution(s) and demonstrated ability to perform the type of work described by this Statement of Work (SOW), and the qualifications of the Offeror s technical expertise management approach.  The proposal must detail the Offeror s technical approach for fulfilling the requirements and adequately address all aspects of the Statement of Work and deliverables. The Offeror s proposal must address the following:
Technical            
Proposal Submission 

The proposal must detail the Offeror s technical approach for fulfilling the requirements and adequately address all aspects of the Statement of Work and deliverables. Offerors must display adequate understanding of the Governments requirement and the nature of the work to be performed under the prospective contract.  
The proposal must demonstrate the Offeror s understanding of the nature of the work to be performed, under the prospective contract.
Appropriateness/Completeness:  Technical quote shall be complete and specific to the tasks. The plan to carry out the survey should be logical and should all components in the SOW
Demonstrate capability to execute the technical requirements of the project by:
Minimum of two years  experience with conducting and administering mail surveys on a wide range of topics.
Experience with surveys involving Veterans or military personnel who are nationally dispersed are preferred but not required.  Contractor must have demonstrated success in reaching goals when working with similar VA or military personnel research studies.
The proposal must state the mean and median response rates on recent mail surveys, providing a brief summary of the survey/mailing to also include the number of surveys administered.
The contractor shall have a strong track record in quality control monitoring. 
The contractor shall have proven abilities to produce the required materials, manage mailings, and manage and process study tracking data for a large, geographically dispersed study population.  
The contractor shall demonstrate the ability to achieve high participation/response rates and an understanding of the complex nature of the mailing and follow-up schedules.  
Availability of Resources, e.g. facilities, capacity for data processing, etc.
Demonstrate capability to execute the technical requirements of required background and information technology (IT) data security requirements by:
Understanding of VA s security environment 
Contractors with existing VA security background clearances and IT systems certified as compliant with FISMA requirements for previous VA projects are preferred but not required.
Contractors must address their ability to receive a temporary authority to operate (TATO) or authority to operate (ATO) with the Department of Veteran Affairs necessary for the completion of this contract.  
Contractor staff working on this study will be expected to complete the required data security, privacy and human subject protection training and provide training certificates to CHOIR prior to beginning the study.

 
Estimating Effectiveness

The proposal must demonstrate that the Offeror s capabilities will enable them to meet Government requirements
The proposal must demonstrate the Offeror s readiness to work and have a process in place to start projects quickly and work efficiently within VA s health services research environment, including the ability to onboard any necessary staff in a minimal time period and gain access to VA information systems.
The proposal will be assessed to determine if the Offeror s proposals presents any risks that could potentially lead to the Offeror s poor performance and could jeopardize the success of the contract.
Staffing

The proposal must address the Offeror s organization and technical team of staff, partners, consultants, and sub-bidders to perform the work
The proposal must  address the Offeror s Project/Program Management ability to perform the work detailed in the SOW

Cost
Offeror must submit a cost proposal as a separate document and provide sufficient information for the Government to determine fair and reasonable pricing.   
Past Performance
Proposal must list up to five contracts of similar type, scope, size and complexity that are ongoing, or have been completed within the past five years.  The following information shall be provided for each contract.
Name and address of the contracting activity
Name and telephone number of contact person
Dates of contract performance (beginning and ending)
Total dollar value of contract
Brief description of the project, scope and services offered
Note:  Please advise your references to expect contact from VAPHS personnel regarding customer satisfaction with your products and services and your compliance with and fulfillment of the requirements of previous contracts.  Information utilized in past performance evaluation will be obtained from the references provided by the Offeror, and may also be obtained from other sources such as customers known to the Government, others who may have useful and relevant information, and Government databases.
Proposal must list up to five contracts for products of a similar type, scope, size and complexity that are ongoing, or have been completed within the past five years. Proposal shall be evaluated based on submission of the required number of previous contracts demonstrating past performance. The Government shall make a subjective assessment of the Offeror s current/past performance. The Government shall determine whether the Offeror has consistently demonstrated adherence to contract terms and conditions and a commitment to customer service; commitment to quality of products provided; commitment to quality of contract-related services performed; commitment to providing the products required by customers by commitment to accuracy of reports; commitment to timeliness of deliveries, product price accuracy, and completeness of contract  product prices invoiced; adherence to fill-rate requirements; business-like concerns for customers  interests, and reasonable and cooperative behavior. The Government shall take into consideration the Offeror s experience on the depth, breadth, relevancy, and currency for contracts similar to this procurement. Offerors not able to submit the minimum number of previous contracts will be given a neutral rating. Interviews with previous customers may or may not be conducted.

The Government intends to make an award based on the initial quotations. If further questions are required, the contracting officer may contact the Offeror or Offerors. Award may be made without discussion.  Award will be made to the responsible Offeror whose quotation conforms to all solicitation requirements, such as terms and conditions, representations and certifications, technical requirements, and also provides the best value to the Government based on the results of the evaluation 
A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award.